Add page about in-VR menus in NanoVer iMD (#127)
IRL2/nanover-docs: source/highlights.rst

**Contribute to the code** or **develop your own custom applications**.

> * `Get the source code for the server <https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-protocol>`_

Author: > 
Hey @Mohamed-Dhouioui, this change is being addressed in #132 and is out of scope of this PR, so I'm gonna reject it here

* `Get the source code of the VR client <https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-imd-vr>`_

> NanoVer is distributed under the `MIT <https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-protocol/blob/main/LICENSE>`_ license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NanoVer is distributed under the `MIT <https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-server-py/blob/main/LICENSE>`_ license.
```

Author: This change is also being addressed in https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/132 and is out of scope of this PR, so I'm gonna reject it here
